Hello and welcome to Guin, Alabama!  I am proud to have been a part of this community for the last 29 years.  After 21 years on the Guin City Council, I’m honored to now serve as your Mayor.

Guin is a hidden gem in Northwest Alabama.  We offer families a low cost of living and an opportunity to work for major manufacturers like Clayton Supply, Deer Valley Homes, and 3M…among others.  3M Guin has been part of our community for over 70 years now and remains an important part of this Fortune 500 company.  With the improvement in technology and the increase of remote work, we also offer an enclave for those looking to get away from the hustle and bustle of city life.  The City of Guin is serviced by several high-speed internet providers from this region, giving anyone who wishes the opportunity to work from their home or the local coffee shop.

Our downtown offers a variety of small businesses, several of which have been part of the community for greater than 50 years.  We value entrepreneurship and are always looking for those who want to invest in our community.  These small businesses are the lifeblood of our community and provide us with the tax base to offer quality services to our citizens.

As the I-22 corridor grows, we are actively working to develop and grow our commercial and industrial footprint at Exit 26 to supplement the highly successful Holiday Inn Guin and Grille 22.  The Holiday Inn has been a mainstay in Guin over the last 10 years and consistently has an occupancy rate above 80%.

Most importantly, Guin offers a quality of life that initially attracted me to the area many years ago and solidified this community as my home.  Guin Elementary School consistently ranks above the best grammar schools not only in the state of Alabama, but also in the country.  Our high school consistently ranks among the best in the region.  For those who love the outdoors, we offer some of the best hunting, fishing, athletics, and a variety of other recreational activities in the state.  Our senior center and community shelter are the first of its kind in the country.  Our Third Thursday events in “The Square” during the summer have quickly become a hit, highlighting local musical acts and local businesses and food.  And our 4th of July celebration each year brings thousands to Guin to celebrate our independence with a fireworks show that rivals the big city.

​I’m sure you’ve heard the phrase “It takes a village”.  It absolutely does and I’m proud of our village.  We love one another and take care of each other like no one else.  There is no better place to raise a family.  If you’re already part of the community, THANK YOU for making this place special.  For those visiting or looking to move or invest here, we welcome you!!!

Kindest Regards,
Mayor Bobby Bellew